Hello, world!

This is a selection of the programming work I’ve done in school.
Some of it’s great, some of it isn’t. For examples of my documentation
skills, check out CS4233 and RBE3002-lab2. Lab3 wasn’t quite finished
because I broke my hip halfway through the class and barely finished
the semester. But lab3 shows some algorithmic work (A*).

I've included a couple of project reports, as well. I wrote the RBE3002
report by myself and the robotics senior project report was 95% me (team 
members offered bullet points describing what they did, I translated
them into prose :) ). The senior project report's more interesting,
but the 3002 report is a bit more digestable.

CS4233: Object-Oriented Analysis and Design
This class taught me the principles of good program design. We covered
design patterns, test driven development, and documentation principles.
We had to expand our code every week, so I quickly learned the value of
writing maintainable, extendable code. Though a couple functions became
monolithic, overall I'm very proud of this work.

RBE3002: Mobile Robots
This class taught me how to teach a robot to move around in the world.
We covered SLAM, frontier-based mapping, and path-planning techniques.
It was also my first experience with ROS. The documentation style used
in this code is derived from doxygen (doxypypy). It wasn't a component
of the class, but I picked up the style from my internship at iRobot
and fell in love with it :)

Robotics Senior Project - Enabling Semi-Autonomous Manipulation on
iRobot's PackBot
This is the biggest project I've ever done. First, we modelled PackBot
within the Open Robotics Automation Virtual Environment (openRAVE).
This is an extremely roboust and capable motion-planning and simulation
library developed at CMU. We used it to generate IK solutions and traj-
ectories for packbot's 5DOF arm. Next, we incorporated a primesense-based
sensor to recognize obstacles and cylindrical objects in the environment.
We used obstacles in collision-avoidance for path-planning and cylinders
as grasp targets. We incorporated our system into a click-to-grasp UI
that could reduce the workload required for packbot operators in the
field. Since packbot is often used in battlefields and disaster zones
and is quite difficult to control, this could be very valuable if it
is incorporated into PackBot's OS.
Demo: http://youtu.be/yf1A9GfUjwY
